Hot dog. The Switch 2 is finally out.
Everybody's been talking about it.
Everybody's been playing it. Or at least
they were uh a few months ago when I did
the stream. But anyways, to celebrate
the ending of the Switch One, I decided
to host a tournament between my
community, A Crew and Z Crew, to play
all of the best Switch One games and
determine once and for all which crew
was the definitive champion of the
entire Switch One era. We'll be playing
this tournament first to seven wins. As
always, A crew includes every viewer
whose name starts in the first half of
the alphabet. And Z crew includes
everybody whose name starts in the
second half of the alphabet. They're
going to control my Switch just by
typing commands into the chat. And this
time, we're playing with a very
important rule. Only one round. You got
to show the [__] up. You don't get to
sit there and warm up for 30 minutes.
All right, we're moving in and out
across different games. You know the
rules. Now, let's begin the tournament
and decide our first game.
The era of Switch One is over. It's
gone. All these games will never be
played again unless you play them on
your Switch 2 because there are no games
to the Switch 2 right now. Now, there's
a couple like core games I think we got
to hit. Okay, we got to hit Super Mario
Maker. We got to hit Smash Ultimate.
Other than that, going to be honest, I
don't have a plan. I did download Clock
Simulator, which has a multi. Anyway, a
lot of this is not going to be very
good, I don't think. All right. All
right. Let's pick the first one. We need
like a good strong opener. All right. I
just want you guys to be aware of what
your You know what? Hold on. I'm going
to pause the vote. Let me just show you
guys what Clock Simulator looks like.
You jump every second,
dude. This is peak.
So, I'm just going to run the poll
again. It's one round. You know the
rules. It's going to end in literally
less than 1 second. No, it's going to
end in exactly 1 second. The thing is
going to swirl around and it's going to
hit you. Okay. [__] yeah. Let's get
ready for round one. Clock Simulator.
The
>> crew is here to kick ass and play Clock
Simulator, and we're all out of
>> Okay, we're starting with Clock
Simulator. There's going to be two of
you. You both have to jump over the
clock. Whoever survives longer on the
clock wins. Is everybody ready? I'm
starting the code. You guys are alive.
In three, two, one, go.
Okay. 3 2 1 and
a crew wins. Holy [__] dude. God, we
could play Clock Simulator all day long,
bro. This [__] is so hype. A crew wins
the first round. One to zero. Do you
think we should just stop the stream? I
feel like it's kind of downhill from
here. Or we do like 5 hours of Clock
Simulator.
All right, we're going to Mario Kart.
>> If there's a takeaway from this stream,
it's that Clock Simulator exists and
it's everything I've ever wanted in a
video game.
>> # That's my clock.
>> The clock. I'll show you guys more of
Clock Simulator later. Okay. The one
player games are terrible.
>> Doug, does the clock simulator take into
account daylight savings?
>> That's a good question. To be clear, the
clock simulator is counting 1 second at
a time, but who knows what daylight
savings does that? All right, we're
going to Rainbow Road. Jesus Christ.
Okay, immediately
so far. Z Crew way in the lead and
wildly is staying on course on the right
side. That is truly insane. Does Z Crew
have smart steering on? They're doing
shockingly well. I don't think this is
fair. Okay. No, no, no, no. Something is
wrong. Hold on. Do we turn it on
ourselves? It's fair. This feels like a
little [__] I'm going to be honest.
I think I got to restart. You can say
rigged because you honestly and fairly
turned on smart steering. Okay.
Okay. It's It already started for some
reason. I don't know why it's already
going. All right. 3 2 1 go. Go go go go
go go. Both cars slam into each other,
but A crew jumps ahead and then
immediately goes off. So does Z crew.
We're doing one lap. One lap of this. A
crew turns left. Z crew manages to stay
and gets further down the road. Okay, Z
Crew is currently slightly further
ahead. You only need to make it like a
little bit down the road and then you
get a re checkpoint, right? Actually
amazing turn right there from Z Crew. Z
Crew is honestly playing [__] nuts.
I'm going to be honest, we've done a
number of Mario Kart Twitch plays things
over the year. This is the best gameplay
I've ever seen from any Twitch play
session we've done. Zrew is [__]
nuts. To be clear, Ziko isn't playing
Mario Kart well, but it's not like the
most abysmal Mario Kart. Wait, wait,
wait. Hold on. This is the hard part
right here. This section is the hardest
to get past. You have to actually make
it like a little ways before you move
on. But they're staying. Oh my god. Wow.
And that's lap one, ladies and
gentlemen. The Z crew just put on an
absolute clinic. We don't even need
spart steering. Okay, I think I speak
for everybody when I say [__] One to
one. Okay, Smash Bros. What are we going
to do? Probably super sudden death. One
stalk.
That's so short. One stalk and one hit.
That's what it'll be. It'll be like a
single hit. It'll be like a samurai
duel. Okay. You know what? That's
badass. Yeah. All right. One stalk. This
is for the lead. Kicking it off. Three,
two, one. Go, go, go, go. Snake on one
side, KD on the other. Swap to Ru versus
Snake. Ryu is a crew. Snake is Z crew.
Oh,
okay. Does Snake just shoot a missile?
That would kill. Throws a grenade.
They're trying to run off to the side,
but they can't. Ryu has to move forward.
As a reminder, A Crew is on the right
over there. Shoots a Hudoken, but it
doesn't get all the way. Both sides are
going the wrong direction. They shoot a
missile. The missile goes up. Somebody
direct the missile wrong way. Ryu's
moving in. A crew is on the left side.
Snake now on the right side. Ryu's
slowly moving in with Smash. Slowly
moving in. Slowing. Hits with an Hoken.
That's not going to kill. Snake tries to
smash. It only hits slightly. Hoken
hits. You need a full on dra smash.
There's a grab by Snake and then drops
him down politely on the ground. Z Crew
gets knocked out. A crew takes the dumb.
Ooh, dude. Z Crew had you in a choke
hold, literally. And then gently set you
down on the ground. I'm going to be
honest. Not a good strategy. Okay, I'll
admit it. That was more hype that we
only did one. We got to stick with this
one attempt. That's it. Okay, if we do
Mario Party, one mini game. Literally,
this will be shorter than Clock
Simulator. Please make it longer. No,
no, no. One round. Look, to all the
people complaining that the rounds are
too short. You have to understand that
there's like 15 people here who are
super hyped. We've got to focus on them.
This is the Twitch community, okay? You
got to remember that there's like
whatever thousands or millions of people
in the Doug Doug community and there's
like 10 dudes. They're really, really
hyped about the one round joke, okay?
And we've got to do it for them. Think
about this. What is better? To make
thousands of people happy on a seven out
of 10 scale like, "Oh yeah, that was a
that was kind of fun stream, right?" or
do we make everything [__] awesome
for these guys? Cuz like look, I'll
admit it. That was hype as [__] and also
really unsatisfying. But the 10 dudes
are so stoked right now. Like they are
high-fiving. They just ordered pizza.
This is like the day for them, right?
Like let them have this one. The rest of
the year will do streams for normal
people, but today is about those 10
dudes. Everybody ready? One round in
three, two, one, go. All you do is move
the ball. Depending on where you drop
the ball, it'll hit more or less pins.
Okay, they're both kind of trying to aim
for the center. Looks like you basically
have the same spot. It's like slightly
different.
[Music]
Okay, very slight change. Z crew is
being pushed to the right. A crew is
dead center. Oh my god. Actually insane.
I look, I would love to do another round
of that. That was hype, but we're doing
it for the 10 dudes. That's it. Hey,
crews up three to one. I liter I This is
not a joke. I bet somebody in the
audience cried from that. One of the 10
dudes like literally had tears from how
much they enjoyed that moment. Like this
is unreal.
Oh my god, there's a clock game. Is it
the same as Clock Simulator? It's
literally the same game. Clock for the
10 dudes. It's a different clock. I
mean, it looks different. What would the
10 dudes want? Would they want to do the
same mini game? Some of these other ones
would be interesting. Motor would be
kind of cool. You're like moving around
a circle. This one you have to dodge the
meteors. These are all genuinely
interesting and this one will literally
be over in less than a second. What
game? They would want the clock. Pick
clock.
Calling me cuz I'm not into the clock
games. Is this what the kids are into? I
had no idea. Honestly, I've been into
boring [__] like Netflix and books. Gen
Alpha is all about clocks, bro. Okay,
fine. All right. Is everybody ready?
Dude, I think we agree. This [__] rips
for the 10 dudes. Okay, everybody ready?
All right, Berto's head crew. WGC crew.
They're jumping.
>> Finish.
>> Who won?
>> Dude, we're edging the 10 dudes. The 10
dudes need release. Just literally jump
over the clock.
>> Finish.
>> We're playing clock game aim until we
get a winner. Okay, here we go.
>> Chad, is this anything? Was that
exciting? Okay, I'm seeing some pogies.
Z Crew takes it. Scores now 3 to2. Well
done, Z Crew. This does not count. This
is Nobody cares about this. There's no
clock in this game.
>> What the [__] is up, Doug? Dude, number
10 here. The radiest of them all. I'm
sure you can agree these one round games
are hype.
>> I think every one of the 10 dudes needs
a title. Like the seven dwarves. Like
it's like radical dude, epic dude, hype
dude. Like each dude like bursts into
the scene, hits a pose, a title card
slams in front of them. Turbulent dude.
Yeah. And then depressed dude. That's
just a frat. There's just like one frat
in like Arizona right now. There's like
10 guys sitting on a couch together.
Yeah. Backwards hat tank tops. They're
[__] crushing Budweiser. They're just
screaming and yelling every 10 minutes
when we actually play 3 seconds of a
video game.
>> And dude number seven, the chaotic dude
coming to watch one round of your next
event this summer. It is either third
and by far the chillest of the dudes. I
honestly don't care that much about how
many rounds there are. I'm hype whenever
I have a Bud Light and I'm chilling with
my nine boys. Doug, you got one of the
dudes overhyped and he's now throwing up
in the bathroom.
>> Poor dude. Sometimes you overstimulate.
All right, next game. I think World
Championships will be hype. There's even
a clock in it. All right, so Nintendo
World Championship. What you do for
people who aren't aware, you do like a
single short challenge in an NES game.
I'm going to be honest, the first one
might be good. Just literally getting
the mushroom in Mario Bros. 1-1. You
guys are saying clock. That that isn't
There isn't a clock in this. This is a
Nintendo World Championship. No, there's
a clock in the thing. There's going to
be a timer. You're not playing on top of
a physical clock in the game. I'm saying
there is a clock. It is present. You
promise. I was not lying. There is a
timer. Timer is not a clock. That is a
timer or a countdown timer is a type of
clock. Okay. Not my clock. Chat, can we
get a not my clock in chat? If you're
loving this stream right now, what you
do in this one, you are going to move
left and right and you have to get the
mushroom. That is it. One round, by the
way. Go.
Look at that big timer.
[Applause]
Go, go, go, go, go. Okay. All right. All
right. Both teams starting to move to
the right. A crew far in the lead, but
hits the gloomba. They're moving fast.
Kills the gloomba. Z crew is moving
slower. Jumps over the glmbba, though. A
crew is now farther into the level. Like
way, way too far. You can see the clock
right here. Zrew has the mushroom.
Holy
[__] bro. Congratulations. Z Crew now
caught up. Score is 3 to three. What
games do we have left? We can also go on
the eShop, I guess, and peruse. Are
there any other like multiplayer games
we should definitely get?
>> Hey, Doug. Tenacious dude of the 10
dudes here. All of the 10 dudes are in
agreement that we only want the clock
game.
>> Wait, wait, hold on. What? What are we
searching for? Am I just searching
clock? Okay, so there's a whole bunch of
clocks that we can download, which
aren't games. There's also anime clock,
which is 90% off. Brighten up every
moment of your day with anime clock.
What does it do? So, this is just a
clock that you look at and they're
selling it for $20. That's not even the
correct time. Do you Do you think the
game doesn't update? And it's just
You're just paying for these pictures.
What is a AAA clock goal? I don't
understand what uh what this is. This is
just a This is just a clock. 97% off.
That's a steal. It's $100.
That's such a good deal. You can't not
take it. It'll be $100 tomorrow. When do
you think the sale is going to end?
We've got to get in on this before it's
too late. I'm pretty sure it's just a
clock. Is it an app? Hold on. So, you
have to open the app and then you just
sit there watching it. Yeah, you would
have to go past the home. The home
screen has a clock, doesn't it? There's
a clock at the top. It's not big enough.
Okay. Are there any like games that make
sense for us to do as a 1v one? As a
reminder, we are supposed to be playing
games.
Okay. We are currently downloading Gang
Beast tabs. Yeah, we're down. We're
downloading it. Look, it's right there.
I don't know what you want me to do. Can
I play Clock Simulator while it's
downloading? While we're waiting for the
downloads
ready,
[Music]
Chad, is this anything?
You're so good at this, Doug.
Holy [__] Whoever said Doug is bad at
2D platformers clearly haven't seen this
clock simulator gameplay. Holy wow.
>> Okay. All right. Everybody needs to act
like Wait, hold on. I need you guys to
go to a particular Twitch channel and be
like, "Dude, Doug is going crazy right
now on stream. You've got to check it
out." Okay, go to Jew. Okay, so
everybody who stays here, you're
freaking out. Like, I'm playing the most
insane [__] you've ever seen your entire
life. Everybody on Jew's channel, like,
dude, you've got to check out what Doug
is doing. It is [__] crazy. Okay,
ready, set, go.
>> The Council of Dudes are so [__]
hyped right now. Doug might be the best
clock platformer ever. Oh my god. We'll
pass a minute.
>> Doug's gameplay is absolutely insane. He
hops on clocks like no other. Best clock
rider I've ever seen. This is your best
stream by far. I love Clock Simulator so
much. Thank you for showing it the love
it deserves.
[__]
I'm ending stream. I'm [__] done. The
stream's over. Juv said that was [__]
hype. Let's go, dude. Doug is popping
off. on clock shift.
>> I hate you guys. What the [__] is this?
>> It's It's literally just every time the
You guys can't hear it. Every time the
pig jumps, it goes.
He's in the middle of his job. And this
is work, by the way. Imagine if I kick
open the door while you're working at
Subway. I'm like, "Check this out. Check
this out right now." Ah, dude's great.
Okay. All right. All right. Right. What
are we doing? Oh, Nintendo Switch,
right? The Acrew Crew video games. Uh,
loud music.
Juv is opening clock sim. No way.
>> All right, let's see what the hype is
all about.
>> Clock simulator time, [__]
Okay. All right, let's learn how to play
this game. Learn to play.
>> You don't have to learn. It's a clock.
Jew. Dude, you want a one v one?
>> He wants to one v one, Doug. How do you
one v one,
>> bro? We got to one v one. Wait, I should
just call him on Discord. That's easier
than typing in the Twitch chat over and
over. Uh, so what exactly is happening
right now?
>> Clocks simulator.
>> Okay, wonderful.
>> So, just try a round of of pigot rhythm.
Make sure you understand it. You'll pick
up the vibe pretty quick.
>> Jesus Christ.
>> Oh no, he's a natural. Chat, don't freak
out. Okay, I got this. I used to be a
drummer in high school. I think I know
what I'm doing.
>> You were a drummer in high school?
>> Yeah,
>> I was a guitar guy. Oh [__] I only got
28 that time. I messed it up.
>> So here here's what I'm thinking. Pig
got rhythm. One round. We all know the
rules. And loser has to buy the winner a
steak at TwitchCon.
>> Okay, perfect deal.
>> Everything is at stake.
>> All right, I'm ready.
>> All right, 3 2 1 go.
[Music]
>> No distractions. in.
>> This is big. Go.
Now this is gaming. He's catching up on
kick. He's insane. Victory at all costs
cinema.
>> Bet your hands getting tired. No [__]
No.
>> Did you [__] it up? Oh no.
>> I don't like the sound of that. I'm
still going.
>> No. I was trying to throw you off. I was
trying to talk [__]
>> I'm just focused. I got to stay focused.
I'm still going.
>> Okay, look. One of my mods, Sikb, he's a
great mod. Really helps. He did say that
if I lose, he wants to go be your mod
now. So, if you want to take him, I
understand.
>> Sick, you're more than welcome. Come on
by.
>> [__] All right. I'll unm mod him.
>> Welcome, Sikb. Can we slick?
>> Man, I love having Sikb on the team. I'm
going to be honest.
>> Hey, it was it was a good run, but we're
happy to have you. It's going to be
easier to mod over here.
>> I know. And the problem is I have a
bunch of rowdy clock lovers, and I
really would have been great having Sik
be around, but you know what? I don't
deserve him. Unmod Sigbby. Okay. Anyway,
GG's Ju.
>> Wonderful time. I appreciate it. Thank
you for having me on the show.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You're welcome.
>> All right. See you.
>> Uh, one sec, guys. Just need to quick
moment.
[__] Oh my god, it put me back on. All
right. Um, anyways, uh, cool. So, that
was a fun little content throw there.
Anyway, uh, we have the games downloaded
officially. Let's get going. All right.
We're going to play Tabs next. Wait,
Juvvis is just unironically playing
clock simulator. He's not even that good
at clock simulator. Okay, as a reminder,
we're playing cap.
>> Can we check speedrun.com for clock sim?
>> I don't think do they have it? Clock
simulator. Okay, there are no records
for clock simulator. So, technically
this is a world record in the making if
JV can make it. I'm back after being
gone for 4 hours. Where's Skyrim? And
what the [__] is going on?
There's
>> Godamn it.
>> There's some poor guy who loves Skyrim.
They're probably so pissed at me.
They're like, "No, Jude was about to
beat the dragon priest."
>> Lauo only 131.
>> Hey Doug, remember when this stream was
about us?
>> Who?
>> Doug Zed crew and the crew are waiting
for you to pick us up from soccer
practice. It's raining. Please, Doug.
It's really
>> Your mother's busy. Your mother has to
get the world record from Juv. You can
walk home and make yourself dinner
tonight and clock the [__] in. Dude,
>> you heard in a crew. We have to fend for
ourselves now. We're outdoor kids now.
We'll need to join a street gang to
survive. Hey, Doug. One of the 10 dudes
here. The reason that clock simulator
isn't on speedrun.com is because every
round 1 second. What would the WR even
be for? Hope this helps.
>> [__] God, he's so clocked in right now.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, a crew crew. Hold on. Call an
Uber. You can get home yourself. Okay,
you're an adult. You're almost 9 years
old. All right. Wait, what's my partner
anniversary? Today's my six. You're
almost 6 years old.
>> Then don't just sit here and take this
slander. Forget your stream, idea. This
is your life. 10 minutes.
>> You're right.
>> Whatever it takes.
>> You're right. Nobody's here for a crew.
Z crew. They're here for Clock
Simulator.
>> Then please help. A crew drank one of
the bottles under the kitchen sink. What
do we do? Call 911. Your mother's busy.
[__] Wait, I beat him. I beat him by
one. Right. Is that Is that it? Is that
it? I beat by one. I beat by one. Right.
Yeah. Greatest Clux player of all time.
Woo. We're so [__] back, dude. Okay.
All right. Now we go to a shoe. I know.
He's coming up. He's at 240 already.
Come on. Come on. Drop it. Drop it. Drop
it. Panic. There's too much pressure, J.
There's way too much pressure. Yes. Yes.
You're past your prime, Monk. He's
losing his punch. He's freaking out. He
saw the mountain in front of him, which
is my score, and thought, I can't climb
that. I don't have the sheer force of
will. I don't have the rhythm. But Doug,
Doug got rhythm. He's some sixth grade
basketball junior player. He's on the JV
team and LeBron James shows up on the
other side of the court. LeBron James
has clocked the [__] in. He knows he
doesn't have a shot. What do you do in
that case? You know what you do? You
pack up your clock and you go home. You
go work in accounting. You give up on
your dreams. LeBron James slams the
grandfather clock down on that kid and
says, "He'll never beat me." Give up on
your dreams. [__]
I think uh I think our work here is
done. 4172 Jew. That's one of the
[__] pig, dude. Go for 420. I do kind
of want to get back to A Cruz Crew.
>> We can probably get back to it. Seems
washed.
>> All right. I think we went in there. We
dunked on the JV team a little bit.
Let's get back to what we're all here
for. A crew crew. Sick must regret it
now. Sick is over there. He's like, "Oh,
I'm modding for some unriithythmic done
in three minutes Jew streamer." I don't
know. Now we get to take one of J's
mods. We get Joo's chat, we're
officially ahead. That means we get one
of you. We're taking you hostage. Take
me. Okay. At main character, you are now
a dog viewer only. Just know, you can
only pry main character 777 off of my
cold dead hands when you beat 4 minutes
and 18 seconds. Until then, they're
mine. They're here in the world record
community. Community of champions.
Probably feels pretty good over here,
huh? Main character. Yeah. Go ahead and
say something. You're a VIP now. I love
being here. This is the type of
contributions that we get because we're
the better gamer. All right. All right.
Let's get back. A group versus Egroo.
Let's focus. As a reminder, we're
supposed to be playing taps. Wait, is he
I'm not worried. Okay, I'm picking uh a
general. This uh you're a crew. Main
character. Pick a team from just tribal
units. We'll keep this simple cuz this
is too hard to control. Chat wants
stoners. Okay. Anybody else? Or you just
want stoners? We'll do like $5,000 of
things. Okay. Mammoth.
So, we've got a crew's team right here.
And now Oh,
[__] Okay. All right. All right. All
right. All right. Uh, main character.
I'm sorry. I'm banning you. You're going
back to Jew's house. Everybody say bye
to main character. I You guys will
probably be able to hang out with him
later. I just got to uh for 1 million
sec. Okay, goodbye main charact I love
you all. Just give me a couple minute.
We're going to finish tabs and then
we're getting main character back.
>> Welcome back main character.
>> [__] Is he there?
>> 552 is pretty good.
>> He's probably having such a good time
over there. J, I believed in you always.
You literally didn't. This is
unbelievable. I am going to take We need
him back. Okay. All right. Hold on. Hold
on. We Let's knock out tabs. I'm
genuinely far more invested in this.
Okay. Main character gave an army. Who
do I know that can be a Zcrew rep and
pick the army whose name starts with Z?
Okay, Z spike, congratulations. You are
the general for Zcrew. What's your
strat? My name is literally Tabs.
There's a guy named Tabs Master who I
ignored.
Zspike, what's your army? Some mammoths.
Okay, one, two, one spear guy. Okay,
I'll put him in the back.
>> Isn't there one for 80? Oh yeah, you get
a clever. That's true.
A crew mostly stoners and one mammoth. Z
crew mostly two mammoths. Although they
have these two random dudes over here.
Good luck.
>> How do I zoom in? Oh my god. Why is it
so hard to wait? So what are the Okay.
All right. What happened? Okay. So the
two mammoths are dead, I guess. And it's
just red. So it comes down to Z's two
guys right here. This spear that has to
kill.
Okay. Hits him in the trunk. Doesn't
kill. Oh god. If the spirit guy can get
one more hit off,
>> NA crew wins.
>> Okay, great job Z crew. I mean A crew,
very proud of you.
[__] I looked at J's message. [__] If
he hits 6 minutes, I'll release you from
mod duties. I want my sick be back. This
already wouldn't be great stream
content, but I'm literally unable to
read or respond to things, so it's the
worst stream content. Doug, whatever you
do, don't look at thing crawling on your
microphone.
>> That almost killed me.
>> This is it, Doug. This is what you've
been training for, what we have been
earning for. This is the pinnacle of
Twitch streaming. We believe in you. 6
years of partnership all come down to
these 6 minutes of Clock Simulator. It
won't get better than this.
Doug, you're doing a great job. Stay
clocked in. Listen to the sound of our
heartbeats.
>> [__] did it. I have the greatest
clock simulator of all time and I'm not
done yet. Buckle it, chat. We're going
to be here for 7 hours.
>> Chat dug is gaming right now.
>> Kids, shut up. Your mother's gaming.
I should not have I should not I tried
to press a button and I [__] up. Let's
[__] go. I get him back. Where is he?
Shake be my mod. Main character 777.
Welcome home, buddy. Yes, dude. Yes. I
cleared by a full like 2 minutes. The
record's safe for now. All right. All
right. What are we doing today? Right. A
crew versus crew games. Okay. Let's play
Tetris. We are playing Tetris.
[Music]
[__] Okay. How do I play? One round.
Everybody knows the rules. Ready, set,
go. Left side A crew. Right side Crew.
Okay. You can't hold one. I don't know
how to do it. I don't know what buttons
are what. I assume A and B rotate the
thing. Technically, the less you do, the
more likely you are to win probably. Or
theoretically, you you start by stacking
on the left side. Oh, why are you you're
that's I don't think you want to press
up. I think up is a really bad idea.
Okay, you're actually Z has more pieces
on the board, but Acrew is technically
higher on the right side. And they just
closed it off. A crew is throwing super
hard. Zrew has a lot of space in the
middle, but they might kill themselves
on the left. Zrew is filling the left
side. Oh no,
>> what a fing out. That was insanely
close. Okay. Okay. Holy Z crew with an
extremely clutch there. Okay. All right.
All right. Gang Beast, let's let's move
through these quick. You guys got way
too distracted by Clock Simulator.
>> Like it's been like 4 minutes since
we've played Clock Sim. I forgot what
his face looks like.
>> I don't really know what's going on, but
that's uh fine. Everybody ready? 3 2 1
Go. Okay. I assume the grinding gears
will kill you or something. I I don't
know. Um,
so there's somehow you can Wait, who's
who again? Oh, wait. Green is Z crew.
Okay. And Z crew just jumped in the I
feel like it's going to kill both of
them. Wait, hold on. Who just
And dur an incredibly climactic battle.
Both teams kill themselves, but A crew
killed slightly faster. Congratulations.
Wait. Holy. This means secret's in the
lead. What else do we have? We do Mario
Maker 2. Okay, we need to find a level
that you guys are going to both play at
the same time. I want to try to do it
like we're actually playing at the same
time.
This one I really thought that we were
going to like extend the levels, you
know, like maybe some of the games would
last longer than 10 seconds. It's too
hard. Okay, let's do it this way.
Whoever beats the level first has the
advantage. But if the other person
completes the level in time and jumps
higher on the flag pole than them, then
they get the win. Everybody ready?
Three, two, one. As a reminder, it's
whoever ends up higher on the flag pole.
Oh,
Crew jumps off of A Crew's head.
Actually stylish [__] man. Wow. That's
the sickest thing I've seen since clock
simulator. Crew goes up four to six.
Man, that was crazy. We clocked in. That
was pretty sick. I'm going be honest.
Okay. Okay. Look, we're playing first to
seven. What do you want to send it with?
Hey, crew. Somebody's saying calculator.
Is that a multiplayer game? Wait a
minute. Both teams get 10 seconds on a
calculator. Whoever gets a higher total
at the end wins. [__] We are truly
playing the Switch One's greatest hits.
Dude, we got to download clock
calculator.
It's $10.
What the [__]
>> While you're at it, see if there is
hentai all made for calculator.
>> Search, you know, for science.
>> A sorry fellas. Can't believe I'm going
to pay for this. I bet you there's a
person who like watched the video I made
two weeks ago where I was like, I'm just
kind of been struggling with things
recently. And they came on to stream and
they're like, "Hey, I just wanted to
show you some support. I'm just
appreciate what you've been doing." And
they dropped $3. And I'm like, "Hey,
thank you for the donation." And then
they see that I immediately spent on the
calculator for the Nintendo Switch.
Let's crack this bad boy open.
Oh. Oh, we're in it. Oh, okay. Oh my
god. Okay. So, we're just saying you
just click around and then at the end,
whoever has the highest number at 10
seconds, that's it, right? Okay, who's
playing first? I think Crew plays first.
Yeah, that'll be more intense. All
right, everybody ready? Z Crew, go.
Calculate. Go, go, go, go, go. All
right, they've got one on the board.
They got one on the board. They're near
one right now. They're actually going
low. They went for the multiplication.
We're going to go for 20 seconds. It was
too short. Still at zero. We're at 10
right now, but they're doing equals.
They need to get to the left. They're at
0.0.
They're throwing 10 cotans. Not a number
right now. Z Crew is done time. Final
score for Z Crew. Not a number.
Literally lower than zero. A crew, if
you can get anything other than not a
number, literally anything, you win.
It's 20 total seconds. Everybody ready?
3 2 1 go. Calculate. They move right.
122.
366. Holy [__] That's a big number. Do
they go back down to three? 10 seconds
left. You're infinity. Oh my god. Okay.
If they hold infinity for 7 seconds,
throw another number. That'll tie. 3 2 1
Just get and you're done. You're done.
Incredible. We run it back. Z crew, you
are up first. Calculate. Go. Okay, they
move right. They hit five. Strong
opening, but then minus 5, they're back
down to zero. If they stay away from not
a number, they are good. You've got 12
seconds left. They're still over in
zero. But if Okay, 84. That's good. Can
they hold on 84? 6 seconds left. They
move towards they go to not a number on
the right side. You can't do too much.
Two one and they not numbered again. Hey
crew, just literally anything else.
Calculate. Go. You could just sit still
and not do anything and you would win.
Okay, you're moving top right. They're
in the 600s. Strong opening. Maybe even
try to multiply that higher. They reset
to zero, but that's fine. 7 seconds
left. They just need to stay away from
not a number. 3 2 1 ladies and gentlemen
with a score of zero. A crew is better
at calculator. Well played. Well played.
Hey Duck, can you do me a favor and type
in the number 85?
>> What is 805? I thought it was 808. Isn't
that just booze?
>> Score is 5 to six. Put it to a vote.
What is next game? This is potentially
game point.
>> You should download the piano app on
Switch. Whoever makes the best song
wins.
>> All right, we're going.
Why are there
Why is it playing twice? I'm not crazy,
right? Okay, does everybody know how to
play? You know what? Now that I think
about it, probably doesn't matter a ton
if you don't. All right, so Suica game,
you've probably seen it. You drop fruit.
If you have two fruit that drop on top
of each other, they turn into a bigger
fruit. You get score depending on how
many fruit you combine together. This
game really gets my blood pumping.
Craziest part of the day. Yeah, dude.
Sweet is hype. It's the clock simulator
of video games. Everybody ready? The
name of the game is Score. I need
hentai.
Cute picture of Link with boobs.
All right, a little motivation for you
guys. Is everybody ready? This could be
for the finals. Kicking it off in three,
two, one, go. We're dropping. All right,
name of the game is to make sure the two
kinds of fruits drop on top of each
other. Zrew is kind of [__] crushing
already. Actually, Arew's doing well
now, too. Zru's floor is shockingly
good. However, Arew has the melon, which
is high ranking right here. Score as you
can see in the middle. 82 to 103 right
now. Wo! A crew is back on top with the
peach. Okay, Z crew is actually starting
to really stack up in in a way that
isn't building together. A crew is
actually staying lower to the ground.
Although, what just happened?
You won. How? It exploded. That wasn't
fair. Oh, did it like shoot a fruit up
into the death zone? Okay, here's the
thing. I'm going to admit something. And
first, A Crew is going to be pretty
happy with this. A crew wins this round.
Now, here's the reason A Crew might not
be that happy with me. I realized after
gang beasts that the code was flipped. I
accidentally put uh the word not here
which switches the teams and I didn't
realize it. So you guys were controlling
the wrong characters in Gang Beasts
which kind of means that was the wrong
score. And that means ladies and
gentlemen, it's on to a final match of
all time and we're going to clock
simulator or not. We're or something
else. Okay, we do have technically
whatever games we want as an ending, but
we could go back to clocks sim. Now, I
want to warn you, it is a huge
disadvantage for a crew if we go back to
clock sim because the arrow goes towards
a crew first. That doesn't make any
sense to do, which is exactly what a
[__] coward would think. That's
right. I knew a crew wasn't cowards. I
knew they would take Z crew back to
Clock Simulator. They won the first one.
They could do it. 80% on clock sim. This
is it. Ooh, I'm [__] juiced. I am
unironically hyped. Block the [__] in,
bro. As a reminder, it'll countd down. 3
2 1 and then you just have to hit A to
jump. As you can see, the pig on the
left, who is A Crew, is in the line of
fire first. But if A Crew succeeds in
jumping over that first clock attack, I
think Z crew is dead. Can it be first to
four? No. No, no, no. You know the
rules. One last time. Whoever wins this
is the best team of all of Switch One.
Ready? 3 2 1. Can a crew make it? A crew
falls. Zrew takes it. Zrew's the
greatest in all the Nintendo Switch.
Ladies and gentlemen, officially the
greatest to ever do it in all of Switch
One. Zrew.
[Applause]
Now what?
Can we come together and make beautiful
music on piano?
One second. Play close.